README.md, before:

## Nathan Hynes

A sentence about who and what you are. Then a sentence about what you've achieved. And then a sentence about what exictes you about tech.

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.

#### This Skill

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (August 2019 to December 2019)
A 16 week course at one of London's leading software development bootcamps, focusing on:
- Test Driven Development, with an emphasis on pair programming and working in an agile way.
- XP values
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Lancaster University (2010 to 2013)
Music Technology BA - Upper second-class honors.
- Sound Design
- Composition
- Studio engineering and recording pracitices
- Acoustics and Psychoacoustics


## Experience

**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)    
*Your job title*  
- Any experience relevent to software development

**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)   
*Your job title*  
- Any experience relevent to software development

## Hobbies

Any cool stuff that makes you a super part of a software development team

Commit message:

Updated README.md added Bio, interests and links to sections

README.md, after:

## Nathan Hynes

***
[Skills](#skills) | [Current Projects](#projects) | [Education](#education) | [Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Contact](#contact) |

My background is mainly in Technical Support, which has provided me with strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.

Recently however I have wanted a fresh start. This has lead me to begin a 16 week intensive software development bootcamp at [Makers Academy](https://github.com/makersacademy). Here I hope to hone and make use of the skills I have developed in my previous working experience to grow from an interested amateur coder into a competent and confident junior developer.

## <a name="skills">Skills</a>

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.

#### This Skill

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## <a name="education">Education</a>

#### Makers Academy (August 2019 to December 2019)
A 16 week course at one of London's leading software development bootcamps, focusing on:
- Test Driven Development, with an emphasis on pair programming and working in an agile way.
- XP values
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Lancaster University (2010 to 2013)
Music Technology BA - Upper second-class honours.
- Sound Design
- Composition
- Studio engineering and recording practices
- Acoustics and Psychoacoustics


## <a name="experience">Experience</a>

**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)    
*Your job title*  
- Any experience relevent to software development

**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)   
*Your job title*  
- Any experience relevent to software development

## <a name="interests">Interests</a>

 - Music - I play a very active role in my band, [Finish Flag](https://bit.ly/2VYK3MR), not only do I play bass but I also record and mix all of our music on Logic Pro X.
 - Reading
